# Getting Good at Life

- Been playing Gladiobots a lot recently (obsessed)
- The simple evaluation loop model the game uses in combination of how to get better in simple ways has taught me an interesting 'aha'
    - If (condition) is met -> (action)
        - the other non-matching conditions don't matter
- My game-playing-loop while playing Gladiabots is to play a game and then critique the performance of the bots
    - I'm constantly thinking 'how could I do this better' after a match
    - There is no 'perfect' solution only better ones given the current game 'meta'.
        - if a current action led me to be in a bad game-state (I'm notice during my after-game critique that this was the moment I started losing)
            - Go back and fix what got me into that bad state
                - 'bad state' is dependant on the current state of play for the bot I am focusing on
                    - could be I have too much/too little health/sheilds
                    - could be that I've made a bad decision on where to move to next, etc...

- Trust that everything is going to work out fine (don't critically try to 'eat the world' in terms of if I do this thing what is going to be the game-state a long way off)
    -  aka trust myself and my 'programming' to be good in future.
    - pay attention to as wide as locally possible but no wider
        - try to be fully engaged (but don't use _all_ energy reserves, don't go ham)
        - don't be 'over engaged' (don't think about too much, notice if I'm not performing actions but am spending too much time 'thinking')
        - make good moves in the moment.  If I see an opportunity open itself exploit it.
            - trust that if the exploit I attempt doesn't work I'll make future adjustments.
                - let my brain's 'of fuck' sub-AI and the like do their things.
                    - this is the real 'AHA'.  Don't try to over-analyze stuff. trust that I'll get the 'about to do bad thing vibe' and it will protect me.

- It is OK to go back and evaluate the past, make note of what went 'wrong'
    - Don't be paranoid about me not noticing and making same mistake
        - The more often I make the same mistake the more re-enforcment that particular 'oh fuck' sensor will be. All I have to do is notice, my NN will adjust naturally
    - Don't be overly lax about making mistakes.
        - OK to acknowledge the mistake (see it)
            - Don't 'beat myself up' but also don't be OK with it.
                - gentler is good, but will take more time to re-enforce...but that might be good because 'disabling' an action might be costly in terms of missing opportunities
                - harsher reserved for more game-ending situations, better to learn slower than to never have opportunit to learn again...
                    - because of the asymetry of losing

- Ok to do things I don't understand but feel are correct.
    - trust my programming, 
    - don't waste mental-effort, it is a finite precious resource that wants to be be engaged in 'things that matter/it can make a positive difference in'

- Roputines/habbits are truly powerful
    - allow me to be fully engaged because I don't have to 'think about driving home, my body just does it'

- Getting better at lots of small routines/habbits leads to a powerful overall performance
    - I _will_ be locally optimized which is OK (preferable)
    - There is a bottom-up that supports me and is powerful (more powerful than I am capable of, making me 'uber-capable')
        - there is a word/phrase that I'm unable to think of that means something like 'small-disconnected-independant systems working together in unexpected global coordination'

